ofc! :D i decided on doing that for the project! my phone ran out of battery on the way home,and i as thinking of a good notetaking app given waht i already knew so far! curretnly my imagedrop is great! but one note was discontonued! so alot of htmls will get very fconfusing! im going to think of a way taht is btter! currently theres nothing that can sit with me in class with a live transcript contant photo spam! so i wanted tto see if i can caht gto comet or echo or yourlsef to attempt soemthing like this! i hd a few ideas already brainstormed (im using the wrong tool for ths but its alr). one of the few thigns was being able to cahnge font sie and photo scale!, ill also ahve some fort of ai annotate in markdown on lectures and photos bewteen every snapshot or photo taken in class!. itll have notefes from the recrdging trancript and also analyise the photo!. the context the ai will use each time its called is all the previous ai annotations before the last photo snapshot (or checkpoint!) and all the lecture materials after!. if a gap exists it will be fileld in! another few good ideas would to have it make tiny demos where i can us to see wahts going on wahithout me making it on the ti! written perferrlbly in python or another easier language! where i can hve my own scrawtchpad to tweak and modify!.  the annotations wo the curent imagedrop will be on the side! [blah blah]->[ summary pointing to the blurb pointing back to the blah blah ]->[button to ask for a demo]. i can regen any of these!. another thing would be storage! since export to html works well when i had one note! i was thinking of having it stored publically for comet you and echo to use at any time! and change the convert to html to convert to google docs! to adress the huge photo sizes which wer epreviously encoded, ill avoid doing that since ill be saving everything (regardless of export to docs) to the app itslef! each photo taken will have a link that will be exporrted instead which refered back to the location of wehre it was in the notebook! and if i space out for too long, a checkpoint will atomatically be made even if i do not take a photo! and lastly! when i end a recording,(since it reocrds eveyt 30 seconds or so,) the end recording will only end after the last part of the trascnript is complete!    i also through about for the second image drop ap if i was goinna make it about, having a temporary pad where i cn copy and paste from temporarly! that way its convient to send to perplexity or echo in real time! once the chunk is done in a pad i can click a migrate button to add it to the rest of my noted above! this wil be a long task! and im not sure how well it would turn out! but it would save alot of time! thers also the issue about organization! titles and folders for unuqie clases! or Control+F functionality!,another thing i didnt think about was deletes but ill have to needa  half finished appes to do this with!. what shuld you take from this? hmm! well, anything you want! amke a plan for another rpleit project if you like!, or have a look at the existing imagedrop and decide on the scope size! if you do make a report upload it as a google drive! if the message cut off check out zz.txt!